welcome to the second episode of my way
point code serious rail before and I
will bring you a new code every time one
is a lot so do it this one is only to be
covering the only joke now oniy as far
as I know has no requirements this one
gives you five thousand next week and
it's just some like just concept art
nothing much but yeah so over the rest
of codes not really sure how to describe
any of these but that one looks like a
pipe let's get peanut look like a
sawed-off shotgun t triangle type things
and yeah and anyway uh primed of just
how to describe all these so anyway go
ahead and read those if you haven't read
them yet care as a last video you can go
ahead and pause it right here and copy
him down because I'm moving on to the
next one all right i am back i just cut
things but really I'm not cutting it I'm
just ending the video and recording a
new one because I don't wanna take the
time to edit it out and natural thing I
just want to know what nevermind you
don't care anyway you're the code look
at them round down there you go as
always comment rate subscribe i'm going
to say that each coat until you comment
rate and subscribe alright and next
weekend on Saturday see today is the
18th well you know which is the whole
week from now on the Saturday
leave me up to 25th yeah like a 25th and
26th I mean my friends are going to be
having some sort of game tournament /
live stream on hill before and a few of
you will get invited so if you want to
go ahead and like comment your tag or
something if you want to come into that
playlister game or whatever so anyway on
the next code now alright and this is
the third and final coat of the episode
that's always I'm usually doing three
codes this one is called day one it
offers 12,000 661 XP I think now just a
little information of the wise guy one I
don't think I remember to put say wise
guy the first you have to have all of
the terminals from Halo 4 0 otherwise
that have the terminus achievement in
order to get it so if you tried it on
the last code and you didn't have that
and it said no dad unlock true you have
to have a mock all this I'm sorry for
you to tell you now you know and so here
the codes it's good enough no wait or
not there's pause the video right now if
y'all have the coast now so anyway this
is the end of the episode comment rate
and subscribe because sharing is caring
do it alright I'll polish well bill
probably sees another one of my videos
tonight again because I'm pumpkin upload
another one although I have no idea what
right wait yeah I go see more coats
upload swim you know the code video or
something all right but